hello recruit welcome a week
to me
As I am a pro gamer I said doubts
existential that the league of
legends a little detail if you're not
fan the league of legends
you will not know much about the
things but good more or less if you do not
you catch it then give it to the aek and lose them and
nothing
if in Libya it is flying because it
affect the damage of killing area or the
effect of morgana area or roots
what will the experts say is
because the puddle of morgana has
ammonia what
why big bleep has affected me
by the thymus poison what happens that
eat the paint
schillings in the blind because he had
affected by the thymus stick or the
Petrifying look of Cassiopeia and
talking about petrifying looks do not say
nothing about gallium mancipe because it is that
they are already stone the same happens with the
mute with zone
abraham because it affects him to turn on if
this fact of fire these good collides
because it grows the same if you eat a
child that you do that is so it happens that
inside is like the backpack of ace
we take out the bottle of water and it has
spaces to put a bicycle another
about crashing when he swells from eating and
giant giant giants are set and they
gets in the grass is not seen but if the
grass reaches his ankles
another thing that is the same as pokémon
when you are in the grass that is a
cuadradito well the pizzas put an entity to
be hidden the boots that happens that
accelerate the engine of the helicopter
cut is actually because corquin not
goes flying is like the car of the
Flintstones that underneath
legs of the objects could have three
swords two centers of I do not know what but I
I keep attacking with my sister afraid but
as with this that which is thus loaded in
White
another object the spiked armor that
happens that if you attack with a total of one
magic ball an arrow or a gear or
of the clock hurts you here in reality
it's not like it's spiked, it's that it gives you
it hurts and hurts in your soul
and to finish the corners do not
I understand why my character is indra
favorite only has the normal skin and the
air came when it came out you imagine what
cool that would be some indra buccaneer in
pirate plan imagine it instead of going back
magical that you can cannon this
image that you are seeing now is of a
so zealand that the network and why
the idea was given by the boyfriend and I drew
she drew white and good software
explain and recruit the video up to here
mine today if you have endured it without
know the video game or all there is a
medal go because surely not you
have you heard anything you know if
you have friends cousins had the gift you can
tell him hey he lived in a state with
other people is a game very very very
cool you have to play because it's
super cool and nothing else you do not go to
coming I hope you liked the
video and share it with whom you
ye bye